1. На локальном репозитории сделать ветки для:
- Postman
- Jmeter
- CheckLists
- Bag Reports
- SQL
- Charles
- Mobile testing

git branch Postman && git branch Jmeter && git branch CheckLists && git branch BagReports && git branch SQL && git branch Charles && MobileTesting

2. Запушить все ветки на внешний репозиторий: 
git push --all

3. В ветке Bag Reports сделать текстовый документ со структурой баг репорта: 
git checkout Bag-report > cat >Bagreport.txt
ID: 1
Reporter: Alexandr Polienko
Date: 2023-06-21
Title: Bug in Login Functionality

Description:
There is a bug in the login functionality of the application. When users try to login with their credentials, an error message is displayed instead of successfully logging them in.

Steps to Reproduce:

Open the application
Click on the 'Login' button
Enter valid username and password
Click on the 'Submit' button
Expected Result:
User should be successfully logged in

Actual Result:
Error message is displayed instead of successful login

Severity: High
Priority: High

Environment:
Operating System: Windows 11
Browser: Chrome 140

CTRL+C
4. Запушить структуру багрепорта на внешний репозиторий: git add . > git commit -m "Bag commit" > git push -u origin BagReports
5. Вмержить ветку Bag Reports в Main: git checkout main > git merge Bag-report
6. Запушить main на внешний репозиторий: git push -u origin main
7. В ветке CheckLists набросать структуру чек листа: 
git checkout CheckList > cat >CheckList.txt
I. Introduction
A. Overview of the Check List Structure
B. Purpose of Using a Check List Structure

II. Benefits of Using a Check List Structure
A. Improved Organization
B. Increased Efficiency
C. Enhanced Productivity
D. Reduced Errors and Oversights
E. Clear Accountability and Tracking

III. Key Elements of a Check List Structure
A. Heading or Title
B. Categories or Sections
1. Main Category 1
a. Subcategory 1.1
b. Subcategory 1.2
2. Main Category 2
a. Subcategory 2.1
b. Subcategory 2.2
C. Check List Items
1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3
D. Additional Notes or Comments

IV. Best Practices for Creating a Check List Structure
A. Clear and Specific Language
B. Logical and Intuitive Organization
C. Prioritization and Sequential Order
D. Visual Formatting and Design
E. Use of Clear Action Verbs

V. Examples of Check List Structures
A. Personal Check List
1. Daily To-Do List
2. Grocery Shopping Checklist
B. Professional Check List
1. Project Kickoff Checklist
2. Event Planning Checklist

VI. Tips for Using a Check List Structure Effectively
A. Regular Review and Updates
B. Customization for Specific Needs
C. Collaborative Sharing and Collaboration
D. Integration with Digital Tools and Apps

VII. Conclusion
A. Recap of the Check List Structure
B. Importance of Check Lists for Organization and Efficiency
C. Encouragement for Implementation and Utilization

CTRL+C
8. Запушить структуру на внешний репозиторий: git add . > git commit -m "Check list commit" > git push -u origin CheckLists
9. На внешнем репозитории сделать Pull Request ветки CheckLists в main: Compare & pull request > Create pull request > Merge pull request > confirm merge
10. Синхронизировать Внешнюю и Локальную ветки Main: git pull origin main
